fix docs describing order by clause in `SELECT` (#2659)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/commands/sql-select.md

|*alias*                    |A temporary alternative name for a table or materialized view in a query.|
|*table_name*                    |A table or materialized view.|
|*grouping_expression*      |<p>Values can be:</p><ul><li>Input column names</li><li>Input column expressions without subqueries or correlated columns</li></ul>|

> |**ORDER BY** clause        | The default sort order is **ASC**, and NULLs are considered largest. See [`ORDER BY` clause](../query-syntax/query-syntax-order-by-clause.md) for more details.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**ORDER BY** clause        | By default, sorting is in ascending (ASC) order, with NULL values treated as the largest. For more information, see [`ORDER BY` clause](../query-syntax/query-syntax-order-by-clause.md).|
```
